The dataset for this assignment was provided by the instructors.  The raw data
are mesurements of linear acceleration and angular velocity generated by a
Samsung smartphone.  Various metrics are calculated from the raw data.  A description
of the experiment and the calculated variables can be found at:

http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones


A summary of the data cleaning process is as follows:

A. Table 1
  (the process was followed for test and train data separtately)

1. Generate a dataframe from each of the provided data files
2. Combine the list of subjects with the list of activities performed into a 
  new dataframe which will be the left hand side of the final product
3. Add the variable names as column headers to the data table
4. Determine which columns of the data table are either a mean or standard
  deviation value
5. Proceeding from left to right along the data table add columns identified in
 step 4 to the right side of the table of subject numbers and activites
 
 
 Once the above steps had been completed for both the test and train sets the
 corresponding datatables were combined by row to create a final table.  The 
 final table was sorted by subject number then by activity.
 
 B. Table 2
 
The final table subject and activity columns were condensed such that each subject had only one row for each activity and dummy values were added as placeholders to make a table with the right dimensions.  Table 1 was filtered using for loops to create a series of subset tables each of which had the data for one subject and one activity.  Column means were calculated from the subset table and added to the working version of table 2 in the corresponding location.
 
 